Hello everyone and welcome to the solutions lecture for this Scala collections assessment test.
Let's go ahead and jump to this school interpreter to get started.
All right.
So for this test you had five basic questions and there is some multiple parts that last question but
the first question was Can you figure out what method you can use to find out if the list in the list
being 1 2 3 4 5 contains the number theory.
There's actually two ways you could have done this as far as he's in that kind of contains key word.
You could have said Create a list vowel my list say list one two three four five and then my list contains
the number three.
And this would return the boolean true.
Or you could have said my list dots and then you can say tab to get a list of all the operations.
But in this case we actually were looking for that contains operation.
So you can just passen three there and this will also return true.
So the methods were just to use that key word contains.
Or it's actually called the operation that contains.
Let's go ahead and move on to the next question.
OK so the next question was How can you add all the elements of that previous list and hopefully remember
they can just call the operation some operational lists actually sum all the integers or double elements
in a list.
Let's go ahead and move on to the next question.
When you go unclear that the next question was to create an array of all the odd numbers from 0 to 15.
Now there is a little bit of a trick to this question.
For one thing zero is not really an odd number or even really an even number.
So this is really asking just for the odd numbers from 1 to 15 in another question that may have arisen
is whether or not 15 is inclusive or exclusive.
It doesn't really matter because if you can answer either question then you probably understand the
task enough to do either or.
Well let me go ahead and show you how you could have done that.
You can use the Range method.
Note that this is a capital R and we can go from 1 to 15 step size by 2 and that's going to go ahead
and return range from 1 3 5 7 9 11 13.
So we want that actual array instead of that range object we can say array that range 115 to now returns
that actual array.
OK.
Now something to note here is if you want it to include 15 you would have to change this to 16.
And here you have 1 3 5 7 9 11 13 15.
So depending on how you interpreted this question whether you wanted a strict array object back or this
range object back and if you wanted to include 15 or just go to 13 non-inclusive really depends but
if you're able to answer one of these hopefully you're already knowledgeable enough that you could have
answered any interpretation to that question.
OK let's go ahead to move on to question number four.
We're going to go at in clear that OK so this question was What are the unique elements in the list
2 3 1 et cetera.
So let's go out and create that list quickly so say that my list is equal to list and we'll say 2 3
1 and we don't have to actually get exactly right.
6 6 and then we want to so I have this list if I want to get just the unique elements in this list.
I can remember back to that sets collection object.
So I remember a set contains no duplicate elements.
So they're all unique which means I can say my list and call two sets and here I have an immutable set
of all the unique elements so I can answer the questions by saying it's 5 1 6 2 3 and then 4.
So hopefully you're able to kind of make the connection between unique elements as a keyword to set.
Let's go ahead and move on to the last question.
And that was to create a mutable map with these Samie three Franke's seven Gianforte five key value
pairs.
And this was written now in that text article.
Well let's go ahead and try it out I'm going to say vowel names is equal to and since I want this map
to be immutable I have to say collection the mutable dot map and then passen these key value pairs that's
going to be Samie comma theory and then we'll say Franki comma 7 and then finally we'll say it's a string.
John is going to capitalize that comma 45 close parentheses in a one more close parentheses close off
that map.
And here if we just call names we'll see if we have that collection that mutable map where is 3 brachy
is 7 and John is 45.
The next task was to print out all the keys and hopefully remember they can just say names like keys
in order to do that.
And if you wanted the values themselves we could have also done names values.
All right.
And then finally the last question was to add the key value pair.
Mike 27.
So this is a mutable map we can just say names plus equals and then go ahead and say Mike let's go to
capitalize that loops and then we use this arrow notation 27 enough I call names.
Note that I get back.
Mike 27 as a key value pair.
All right.
Hopefully those are pretty straightforward.
The only trouble you may have had is and how to actually interpret the question.
But if you're able to figure out at least one solution to your interpretation that's totally fine because
you can basically answer all the interpretations of any of those questions.
All right.
That's it for the collections.
Hopefully you can find some use cases for lists sets and maps.
As we continue forth throughout the course Thanks everyone and I'll see at the next lecture.